this is a video tutorial on how to
jailbreak ipod touch or iphone 2.2 all
right first things first you're going to
need the 2.2 firmware which you can get
from this website WWE LX bronze d / ipod
/ firmware yeah you're going to want to
go down to the I've iphone / ipod touch
if you're using an iphone you're going
to want iphone 1 1 point 1 comma 1 to
point 2 / 5 g77 if you have an ipod
you're going to want ipod 1 1 to point 2
/ 5 g77 once you downloaded that you're
going to also want to have quick phone
i'll have the link for downloading that
in the description once you have it
downloaded you're going to want to open
it up make sure your ipod is connected
and then browse for your firmware since
i've already done this it's
automatically popping up to point to
then you're going to want to press next
you're going to want cydia and installer
and if you want to replace the apple
with a little pineapple when you boot up
your ipod you can click that too then
you're going to want to press the blue
arrow and then this is where it gets
tricky you're going to want to hold the
home button for five seconds then you're
going to want to hold the home and the
power button both for ten and then the
home for 30 it's going to all these
directions are going to be displayed on
the quickpwn screen alright so i'm going
to set the camera down while I do this
this is what it's going to look like
all right it's going to look like that
it's going to say wait while your ipod
is prepared for jailbreak and it's going
to say xbox uploading exploit bootloader
and then your ipod should turn white
this could take anywhere from like one
to five six minutes all right now well
this is doing it here's this screen it's
going to look like this aight
downloading jailbreak data and then the
little waiting bar is going to be up
here i'll just wait while this is going
all right well I don't want to waste
your time so we'll come back when this
is done all right so I'm back it's
almost done I rate the loading bars all
the way up
now on your iPod after this bar goes
it's done loading your iPod will should
have like a picture of a pineapple
running kind of I guess no no there's
little blue chair green check and then
once you get that green check your iPods
game